update alt text on images on studio (#5809)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/console/auth/user-management.mdx

To set authorization rules that allow these users and groups to perform create, read, update, or delete operations on your app data, see [Authorization](/console/authz/authorization).

![User management page in Amplify Studio](/images/studio/auth/user-management.png)

## To create a user

> ![Process to create a new Amazon Cognito user](/images/studio/auth/create-user.png)

Reviewer: Maybe we could say this to give it a little more description about what we're showing:
```suggestion
![Screenshot of form to create a new Amazon Cognito user](/images/studio/auth/create-user.png)
```

## To create a group

> ![Process to create Amazon Cognito user pool groups](/images/studio/auth/user-groups.png)

Reviewer: I think this could also be decorative as it doesn't give me any extra info that isn't already in the text underneath

```suggestion
![](/images/studio/auth/user-groups.png)
```
